README.md, before:

# Pinboard

## Description

Google Chrome Extention for Pinboard (http://pinboard.in).

1. Save to Pinboard with popup (Selected text populates your description field).
2. Shortcut menu for 'Read Later', 'Unread bookmarks', 'All bookmarks'.
3. Customisable Keyboard Shortcuts for 'Save to Pinboard', 'Read Later', 'Unread bookmarks', 'All bookmarks'.

![](https://github.com/yasuyk/Pinboard-Chrome-Extension/raw/master/sample/png/screen_capture_01.png)
![](https://github.com/yasuyk/Pinboard-Chrome-Extension/raw/master/sample/png/screen_capture_02.png)

## Install

install from [Chrome Web Store][web store]

[web store]: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pinboard/ghhlbnkkachmkhdfkfkoagcngfbnhgaf

## Contributing

1. [Fork it][fork]
2. [Create a topic branch][branch] (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Added some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. [Submit a pull request.][pr]

[fork]: http://help.github.com/fork-a-repo/
[branch]: http://learn.github.com/p/branching.html
[pr]: http://help.github.com/send-pull-requests/

## License

See [LICENSE][license].

[license]: https://github.com/yasuyk/Pinboard-Chrome-Extension/blob/master/LICENSE

Commit message:

add context menus support.
save to pinboard via context menus.

README.md, after:

# Pinboard

## Description

Google Chrome Extention for Pinboard (http://pinboard.in).

### Shortcut menu for 'Save to Pinboard', 'Read Later', 'Unread bookmarks', 'All bookmarks'.
![](https://github.com/yasuyk/Pinboard-Chrome-Extension/raw/master/sample/png/screen_capture_01.png)

### Customisable Keyboard Shortcuts for 'Save to Pinboard', 'Read Later', 'Unread bookmarks', 'All bookmarks'.
![](https://github.com/yasuyk/Pinboard-Chrome-Extension/raw/master/sample/png/screen_capture_02.png)

### Save to Pinboard via context menus (by right-clicking).

the following contents can be saved :

   - web page
   - selected URL
   - selected text
   - Image URL
   - HTML5 Audio URL
   - HTML5 Video URL
![](https://github.com/yasuyk/Pinboard-Chrome-Extension/raw/master/sample/png/screen_capture_03.png)

## Install

install from [Chrome Web Store][web store]

[web store]: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pinboard/ghhlbnkkachmkhdfkfkoagcngfbnhgaf

## Contributing

1. [Fork it][fork]
2. [Create a topic branch][branch] (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Added some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. [Submit a pull request.][pr]

[fork]: http://help.github.com/fork-a-repo/
[branch]: http://learn.github.com/p/branching.html
[pr]: http://help.github.com/send-pull-requests/

## License

See [LICENSE][license].

[license]: https://github.com/yasuyk/Pinboard-Chrome-Extension/blob/master/LICENSE
